content/docs/authentication/github.mdx, before:

---
title: GitHub
description: Guide on how to set up GitHub authentication using Go Better Auth.
---

**Note:** This guide uses GitHub Apps for user sign-in, which is recommended by GitHub for new integrations.

import { Step, Steps } from "fumadocs-ui/components/steps";

<Steps>
<Step>

### Obtain GitHub credentials

1. Go to [GitHub Apps](https://github.com/settings/apps).
1. Click on "New GitHub App".
1. Fill in the GitHub App name, Homepage URL, and Description.
1. On the app page, generate a Client secret under "Client secrets".
1. Note the Client ID and the generated Client Secret.
1. Under the "Identifying and authorizing users" section, set the Callback URL to:
   ```bash
   # Assuming base path is /api/auth
   http://localhost:8080/api/auth/oauth2/github/callback
   ```
   For production, replace localhost with the base URL of your Go Better Auth server (e.g. `https://api.yourdomain.com`).
1. Make sure to check the following checkboxes:
    - Request user authorization (OAuth) during installation
    - Enable Device Flow
1. Then save the changes and click on the "Permissions & events" tab on the left, under the "Account permissions", set the "Email addresses" to "Read-only" to access the user's email.


</Step>

<Step>

### Configure the provider

```go
import (
  "os"
  "fmt"
  
  gobetterauth "github.com/GoBetterAuth/go-better-auth"
  gobetterauthdomain "github.com/GoBetterAuth/go-better-auth/pkg/domain"
)

config := gobetterauthdomain.NewConfig(
  // Other config options...
  gobetterauthdomain.WithSocialProviders(
    gobetterauthdomain.SocialProvidersConfig{
      Default: gobetterauthdomain.DefaultOAuth2ProvidersConfig{
        GitHub: &gobetterauthdomain.OAuth2Config{
          ClientID:     os.Getenv("GITHUB_CLIENT_ID"),
          ClientSecret: os.Getenv("GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET"),
          RedirectURL:  fmt.Sprintf("%s/auth/oauth2/github/callback", os.Getenv("GO_BETTER_AUTH_BASE_URL")),
        },
      },
    },
  ),
)
```

</Step>

<Step>

### Test the integration

1. Start your Go Better Auth server.
2. In your webapp, create a button when clicked on, it navigates the user to:
    ```bash
    # (replace localhost with your Go Better Auth server URL in production).
    http://localhost:8080/api/auth/oauth2/github/login?redirect_to=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URL>
    ```
3. You should be redirected to GitHub's authorization page. After authorizing, you will be redirected back to your application.

</Step>

</Steps>

Commit message:

chore: Updated OAuth2.0 providers config examples

content/docs/authentication/github.mdx, after:

---
title: GitHub
description: Guide on how to set up GitHub authentication using Go Better Auth.
---

**Note:** This guide uses GitHub Apps for user sign-in, which is recommended by GitHub for new integrations.

import { Step, Steps } from "fumadocs-ui/components/steps";

<Steps>
<Step>

### Obtain GitHub credentials

1. Go to [GitHub Apps](https://github.com/settings/apps).
1. Click on "New GitHub App".
1. Fill in the GitHub App name, Homepage URL, and Description.
1. On the app page, generate a Client secret under "Client secrets".
1. Note the Client ID and the generated Client Secret.
1. Under the "Identifying and authorizing users" section, set the Callback URL to:
   ```bash
   # Assuming base path is /api/auth
   http://localhost:8080/api/auth/oauth2/github/callback
   ```
   For production, replace localhost with the base URL of your Go Better Auth server (e.g. `https://api.yourdomain.com`).
1. Make sure to check the following checkboxes:
    - Request user authorization (OAuth) during installation
    - Enable Device Flow
1. Then save the changes and click on the "Permissions & events" tab on the left, under the "Account permissions", set the "Email addresses" to "Read-only" to access the user's email.


</Step>

<Step>

### Configure the provider

```go
import (
  "os"
  "fmt"
  
  gobetterauth "github.com/GoBetterAuth/go-better-auth"
  gobetterauthdomain "github.com/GoBetterAuth/go-better-auth/pkg/domain"
)

config := gobetterauthdomain.NewConfig(
  // Other config options...
  gobetterauthdomain.WithSocialProviders(
    gobetterauthdomain.SocialProvidersConfig{
      Default: gobetterauthdomain.DefaultOAuth2ProvidersConfig{
        GitHub: &gobetterauthdomain.OAuth2Config{
          ClientID:     os.Getenv("GITHUB_CLIENT_ID"),
          ClientSecret: os.Getenv("GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET"),
          RedirectURL:  fmt.Sprintf("%s/auth/oauth2/github/callback", os.Getenv("GO_BETTER_AUTH_BASE_URL")),
        },
      },
    },
  ),
  // Set the trusted origins so that redirects to your webapp are allowed and adds an extra layer of security.
  gobetterauthdomain.WithTrustedOrigins(
    gobetterauthdomain.TrustedOriginsConfig{
      Origins: []string{"YOUR_FRONTEND_URL e.g. http://localhost:3000"},
    },
  ),
)
```

</Step>

<Step>

### Test the integration

1. Start your Go Better Auth server.
2. In your webapp, create a button when clicked on, it navigates the user to:
    ```bash
    # (replace localhost with your Go Better Auth server URL in production).
    http://localhost:8080/api/auth/oauth2/github/login?redirect_to=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URL>
    ```
3. You should be redirected to GitHub's authorization page. After authorizing, you will be redirected back to your application.

</Step>

</Steps>
