content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Welcome
description: Welcome to GoBetterAuth
---

GoBetterAuth is a comprehensive, framework-agnostic authentication and authorization library for Go. Learn about its features, architecture, and how to integrate it into your projects.

## ✨ Features

- 🔑 **Email & Password** – Secure, production-ready authentication with argon2 password hashing. Includes Email Verification, Password Reset and Change Email flows.
- 🌐 **Social OAuth Providers** – Google, GitHub, Discord and more coming soon.
- 💾 **Multiple Database Support** – SQLite, PostgreSQL, MySQL adapters and more coming soon, with migration scripts included.
- 📦 **Minimal Dependencies** – Standard library first, production-ready, and framework-agnostic.
- 🧩 **Comprehensive Configuration** – Flexible, type-safe config with sensible defaults and environment variable support.
- 🛡️ **Enhanced Security** – CSRF protection.

## Roadmap

Planned features:

- 🔌 **Plugin System** – Extensible plugin architecture for custom business logic and routes. Including flexible plugin interface to implement all kinds of plugins.
- ⚡ **Rate Limiting** – Configurable, per-endpoint rate limiting with memory or database storage.

Commit message:

chore: Added docs for Secondary Storage

content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Welcome
description: Welcome to GoBetterAuth
---

GoBetterAuth is a comprehensive, framework-agnostic authentication and authorization library for Go. Learn about its features, architecture, and how to integrate it into your projects.

## ✨ Features

- 🔑 **Email & Password** – Secure, production-ready authentication with argon2 password hashing. Includes Email Verification, Password Reset and Change Email flows.
- 🌐 **Social OAuth Providers** – Google, GitHub, Discord and more coming soon.
- 💾 **Multiple Database Support** – SQLite, PostgreSQL, MySQL adapters and more coming soon, with migration scripts included.
- 🗄️ **Secondary Storage** – Supports in-memory/database storage and a custom interface to implement Redis and other key-value stores. Use secondary storage to manage session data, rate limiting counters, and other high-frequency records. This enables offloading intensive data to high-performance storage solutions or RAM for optimal scalability and speed.
- 📦 **Minimal Dependencies** – Standard library first, production-ready, and framework-agnostic.
- 🧩 **Comprehensive Configuration** – Flexible, type-safe config with sensible defaults and environment variable support.
- 🛡️ **Enhanced Security** – CSRF protection.

## Roadmap

Planned features:

- ⚡ **Rate Limiting** – Configurable, per-endpoint rate limiting with in-memory or secondary storage.
- 🔌 **Plugin System** – Extensible plugin architecture for custom business logic and routes. Including flexible plugin interface to implement all kinds of plugins.
